Add Starlark processor (#29)
openconfig/gnmic: docs/user_guide/event_processors/event_starlark.md

### Intro

The `event-starlark` processor applies a [`Starlark`](https://github.com/google/starlark-go/blob/master/doc/spec.md) function on a list of `event` messages before returning them to the processors pipeline and then to the output.

`starlark` is a dialect of Python, developed initially for the [Bazel build tool](https://bazel.build/) but found multiple uses as a configuration language embedded in a larger application.

There are a few differences between Python and Starlark, programs written in Starlark are supposed to be short-lived and have no external side effects, their main result is structured data or side effects on the host application. As a result, Starlark has no need for classes, exceptions, reflection, concurrency, and other such features of Python.

> `gNMIc` uses the Go implementation of Starlark, the language definition can be found [here](https://github.com/google/starlark-go/blob/master/doc/spec.md)

Reviewer: Maybe shorten this as

```suggestion
`gNMIc` uses the [Go implementation](https://github.com/google/starlark-go/blob/master/doc/spec.md) of Starlark.
```

A Starlark program running as a `gNMIc` processor should define an `apply` function that takes an arbitrary number of arguments of type `Event` and returns zero or more `Event`s.

> 

Reviewer: I think the question I have here is "On what event (not a gnmic even) a starlark processor would be triggered?"

In which case the list of events passed to the `apply` function will be >1?

Author: The starlark processor is not different from other processors, if it is defined under an output it will be applied to the events the output is writing out.
The number of events passed to a processor (starlark or not) depends on the number of notifications in a single subscribe response and if events were merged by another processor earlier in the pipeline.

An [`Event`](intro.md#the-event-format) is the transformed gNMI update message as `gNMIc` processes it.

```python
def apply(*events)
  # events transformed/augmented/filtered here
  return events
```

### Configuration

```yaml
processors:
  # processor name
  sample-processor:
    # processor type
    event-starlark:
      # the source of the starlark program.
      source: |
        def apply(*events):
          # processor logic here
          return events

>       # path to a file containing the starlark program to run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      # path to a file containing the starlark program to run.
      # Mutually exclusive with `source` parameter. 
```

      script:
      # boolean enabling extra logging
      debug: false
```

### Writing a Starlark processor

To write a starlark processor all that is needed is writing a function called `apply` that will read/modify/delete a list of `Event` messages.

> Starlark defines multiple builtin types and functions, see spec [here](https://github.com/google/starlark-go/blob/d1966c6b9fcd/doc/spec.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starlark [specification](https://github.com/google/starlark-go/blob/d1966c6b9fcd/doc/spec.md) defines multiple builtin types and functions.
```

> There are some additional builtin functions like `Event(name)` which creates a new `Event` message and `copy_event(Event)` which duplicates a given `Event` message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`gNMIc` provides additional builtin functions like `Event(name)` which creates a new `Event` message and `copy_event(Event)` which duplicates a given `Event` message.
```

The `Event` message comprises a few fields:

- `name`: string

- `timestamp`: int64

- `tags`: dictionary of string to string

- `values`: dictionary of string to any

- `deletes`: list of strings

> Two libraries are available for loading:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starlark allows for the dynamic [loading of other modules](https://github.com/bazelbuild/starlark/blob/master/spec.md#load-statements). In the context of gNMIc, the following two modules are available for loading within a starlark program:
```
